Update data academy for Spring 2026 (#41)
nmfs-openscapes/nmfs-openscapes.github.io: data-academy.qmd

The Data Academy is being led by Openscapes as part of the Fisheries Data Modernization Strategy. The goal of the Data Academy is to provide NOAA Fisheries staff with foundational data science skills in R, and to build a community of practice around data science and open & reproducible science.

> If you’re interested in participating, please add yourself to the [interest sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Ot92fLTxiP8e3zZfdbF4lnfO8JtR9mhghQ049LoyL4w/edit?gid=0#gid=0). **Deadline to apply is close of business April 10**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re interested in participating, please add yourself to the [interest sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Ot92fLTxiP8e3zZfdbF4lnfO8JtR9mhghQ049LoyL4w/edit?gid=0#gid=0). **Deadline to apply is close of business April 10, 2026**.
```

## What is the Data Academy?

**What:** You will learn R for data science through lessons on the [dataquest.io](http://dataquest.io) platform. See the [curriculum](#curriculum) below. The Data Academy is **asynchronous** so you can complete the lessons on your own schedule, and also **cohort-based** so you’ll get to know your colleagues and have accountability. The Openscapes team will provide support through optional **synchronous help desk hours and coworking** and a **dedicated Google Space** for help. A training certificate will be issued for each module completed.

> **Who**: FTEs and Affiliates from any Fisheries office were welcomed to sign up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Who**: FTEs and Affiliates from any Fisheries office are welcome to sign up.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't recall the right language for Fisheries "office or center" i.e. does office seemingly exclude folks or do they know better?

Author: @eeholmes do you have any insight as the correct language for "office" or "centre" for FTE's and affiliates?

Reviewer 2: I think you could go with "FTEs and Affiliates from any Fisheries center or office"

we've used that before. Sorry I should have suggested that before.
